1)How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   comparing the two files using diff helps us to understand the problem in such a way
   that the differences in the new file are indicated , so that you can compare the
   code ,and locate the error.

2)How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

       If we will have access to our previous versions of the program , we can compare different
       versions , and compare the output , and then finally get the desired output.


3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
   commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
   docs does?

       when we manually commit a vesion , we can get the different versions
       which are more sensible and the different versions look more clean and readable.

4)Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
   files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

      as git allows us to create a repository ie multiple files can be stored and commit at
      the same time , this is very useful when the files are linked with each other.


5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

       we can use the git log to get the history of all the commits , then we can compare
       two commits using diff to see what changes were made.

6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
   could break something?

       version control can be used very conveniently to get the locations and from where
       we got the error , we can use it to even make the head a different version
       to check whether that commit has the error or not.
7) Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

        I have a project in which i am doing data analysis , for different visualisations
        i was making different programs but now i can make different versions of the same program
        and use it using git , and by making the head to different commits.
